https://blog.vantagecircle.com/self-appraisal-comments/

https://blog.vantagecircle.com/appraisal-comments/


17 self appraisal comment for delivering zero defect delivery

I am proud to have delivered a zero defect delivery. I have worked diligently to ensure that all of the requirements have been met and that all of the deliverables have been completed to the highest standards. I have put in extra effort to test and debug the code, and to ensure that all of the features are functioning correctly. I have also worked closely with my team to ensure that all of our processes are as efficient and effective as possible. I am confident that my efforts have resulted in a successful and bug-free delivery.



Communication
Art of Articulation
Show how you are customer oriented approach
Innovation and creativity
growth and development
Opportunities for improvement




18 self appraisal comment for number of escalations received for project

I am proud of the fact that I managed to complete the project without any escalations. I believe that this was a result of my hard work and dedication to the project, and I am committed to continuing to strive for excellence in my work.

I am also aware that this project could have had more escalations, and I am actively working on improving my skills and processes to ensure that future projects have minimal escalations.




16 self appraisal comment for developing code as per requirement

I am pleased with my ability to develop code that meets the requirements. I have a good understanding of the language and a good eye for detail. I am confident that I can develop code that is both efficient and effective. I also have good communication skills which enable me to understand the requirements and make sure I'm delivering the right solution.

Overall, I am proud of my efforts and feel that I have the necessary skills to develop code that meets the requirements.


15 self appraisal comment for numbers of products without any issues

I am proud of the contributions I have made to my team and organization. I have always worked hard to ensure that my activities and initiatives are of the highest quality and benefit the team and organization. I am confident that I have been an asset to the team and have helped to move the organization forward. 
I have consistently met or exceeded expectations when it comes to producing quality products without any issues, and I am proud of my ability to do so.



14 self appraisal comment for Support provided to delivery teams in respective area of specialization

I am proud to have provided support to the delivery teams in my respective area of specialization. I have worked hard to understand the technical challenges and come up with innovative solutions. I have demonstrated my ability to work collaboratively with the teams and take ownership of the projects. Furthermore, I have been able to effectively communicate complex concepts and keep up with the changing needs of the team.




19 self appraisal comment for Defect Management

I have been successful in managing defect resolution for my team. I have been able to identify and isolate defects quickly, and I have efficiently managed the defect resolution process to ensure that the defects are fixed and our product is running smoothly. I have enjoyed the challenge of troubleshooting and solving complex issues.



20 self appraisal comment for compliance to role assignment and personal development

I have consistently demonstrated my commitment to fulfilling my role assignment in a compliant manner. I carefully review all guidelines and regulations to ensure I am meeting the requirements of the role. I strive to be proactive in my approach to compliance and consistently strive to exceed expectations. I also take time to develop myself professionally, by regularly attending training sessions, seminars and other educational events.



21 self appraisal comment for  Effective communication within offshore & onsite interactions

I have been consistently successful in communicating effectively with both my offshore and onsite teams. I am able to effectively translate the needs of my offshore teams to the onsite teams and vice versa in order to ensure a smooth and productive workflow. I am also able to diplomatically resolve any conflicts or misunderstandings that may arise in order to maintain a productive and collaborative working environment.



22 self appraisal comment for  Contribution & activities outside regular tasks

I have consistently demonstrated a willingness to take on additional tasks and activities outside of my normal job duties. I have taken on extra projects and initiatives, often with short deadlines, that have resulted in successful outcomes for the team. I have also taken a proactive role in leading and participating in activities outside of my job, such as organizing team events and volunteering with local organizations. I am confident that my willingness to go above and beyond has been beneficial to the team.


Attribute

1 self appraisal comment for Communication

I am an effective communicator and have a good understanding of the importance of clear communication in any situation. I am always aware of the need to be clear and concise, and I make sure that I listen carefully to those I am communicating with in order to ensure that the message I am conveying is understood. I use a variety of communication tools and techniques to ensure that I effectively communicate in all situations.

2 self appraisal comment for Continual Learning

I am continually learning new skills and expanding my knowledge base to stay up-to-date in the ever-changing world. I have been able to quickly adapt to new technologies and processes, and I am able to quickly synthesize and apply what I learn for maximum benefit. I am not afraid to take risks, and I am constantly pushing myself to grow and develop.


3 self appraisal comment for Customer Focus

I am highly focused on meeting customer needs and expectations. I consistently strive to exceed customer expectations and build long-term relationships with customers. I make sure that I deliver superior customer service and I am always willing to go above and beyond to make sure that customers are satisfied.


4 self appraisal comment for Initiative / Proactiveness

I am highly proactive and take initiative to tackle any challenge. I consistently look for opportunities to make a positive difference and take ownership of tasks assigned to me. I am not afraid to take calculated risks and I am always open to learning new skills and techniques. I always strive to be ahead of the curve and take on difficult tasks that require creative solutions.


5 self appraisal comment for Innovation and Creativity

I have a strong passion for innovation and creativity. I am constantly challenging myself to come up with new ideas and solutions to problems that arise. I have a knack for thinking outside the box and am willing to take risks to find the best possible solution. I am always looking for new and innovative ways to approach tasks and take advantage of opportunities.


6 self appraisal comment for Problem Solving

I believe that I have an excellent ability to solve problems quickly and effectively. I have a knack for looking at a problem from multiple angles and finding the most efficient solution. I have been able to apply this skill to many situations and have seen great success.


7 self appraisal comment for Taking Ownership

I am very proud of my ability to take ownership of tasks and projects. I strive to ensure that I am responsible for my work and take responsibility for any mistakes or setbacks that arise. I am confident that I can identify what needs to be done, set realistic goals and timelines, and take the necessary steps to achieve them.



8 self appraisal comment for Team Skill

I have a strong team skill, as I am able to work well with others and communicate effectively. I am able to listen, take direction, and collaborate with colleagues to complete projects and tasks. I take initiative and am willing to take on leadership roles when necessary. I am a team player and am able to work with others to achieve a common goal.


9 self appraisal comment for Timely Decision Making

I strive to make timely decisions on a daily basis that align with my goals and objectives. I have found that taking the time to properly consider all of the possible outcomes and potential impacts of the decision helps me to make the best possible decision in a timely manner.


10 self appraisal comment for Values / Conduct

I believe that my values and conduct are exemplary. I am mindful of the needs of others, and I strive to treat everyone with respect and kindness. I take pride in being honest and ethical in all my dealings, and I am always willing to go the extra mile to ensure a successful outcome.